Improve rosetta docs (#727)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/exchange-operators/rosetta/samples/scan-blocks.mdx

---

> title: Scanning blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Scanning Blocks
```

> description: Learn how to scan blocks and inspecting transactions
> ---
> 
> Let's implement a simple function which will help us to wait for a given block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to scan blocks and inspect transactions
---

To implement a simple function to wait for a given block:
```
